close to the edges you can safely get
your art job what a mess you're right
Jamie all up when you're in Mike have
I'm ready to roll ready here we go first
team
after five years as an international
bestseller it comes to the screen
unquestionably the greatest adventure of
escape ever film Steve McQueen Dustin
Hoffman
Papillon
keep you alive until we land Indiana and
I want to write any escape you care to
arrange
done
welcome to the penal colony of French
Guiana whose prisoners you are oh and
from which there is no escape how much
would it cost three thousand in advance
which you pay to me and I paid to Pascal
who provides everything you double-cross
me I'll kill you
how much you charge you send this one
it's far as Panama commander Steve
McQueen Dustin Hoffman two men with
nothing in common but a will to live and
the place to die it's up to you you were
just as much dead as you are alive make
no pretense at rehabilitation here we're
not priests with processors a meatpacker
processes live animals into edible ones
we process dangerous men into harmless
ones
as we accomplished by breaking
what do you think did he make it a
kidney or I says chance is very poor is
that all you've got to say what do you
expect me to say but man missed his life
to save mine
get your deals of prison I want that
name and I want it now
then you'll die the doings of freedom
but dangers of escape
Steve McQueen Dustin Hoffman Papillon
a greatest adventure of escape ever film
you